---
title: "Scaling Egocentric Vision: The EPIC-Kitchens Dataset"
collection: publications
permalink: /publications/EPIC2018
date: 2018-09-8
venue: 'European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV 2018)'
citation: 'Dima Damen, Hazel Doughty, Giovanni Maria Farinella, Sanja Fidler, Antonino Furnari, <b>Evangelos Kazakos</b>, Davide Moltisanti, Jonathan Munro, Toby Perrett, Will Price, Michael Wray. <i>Proceedings of the European Conference on Computer Vision</i>. <b>ECCV 2018</b>.'
---
[PDF](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_ECCV_2018/papers/Dima_Damen_Scaling_Egocentric_Vision_ECCV_2018_paper.pdf) [Project](https://epic-kitchens.github.io/2020) [bibtex](http://ekazakos.github.io/files/epic-kitchens.bib)

## Abstract
First-person vision is gaining interest as it offers a unique viewpoint on 
people’s interaction with objects, their attention, and even intention. 
However, progress in this challenging domain has been relatively slow 
due to the lack of sufficiently large datasets. In this paper, we introduce 
EPIC-KITCHENS, a large-scale egocentric video benchmark recorded by 32 
participants in their native kitchen environments. Our videos depict 
non-scripted daily activities: we simply asked each participant to start 
recording every time they entered their kitchen. Recording took place in 
4 cities (in North America and Europe) by participants belonging to 10 
different nationalities, resulting in highly diverse cooking styles. Our 
dataset features 55 hours of video consisting of 11.5M frames, which we 
densely labelled for a total of 39.6K action segments and 454.3K object 
bounding boxes. Our annotation is unique in that we had the participants 
narrate their own videos (after recording), thus reflecting true intention, 
and we crowd-sourced ground-truths based on these. We describe our object, 
action and anticipation challenges, and evaluate several baselines over two 
test splits, seen and unseen kitchens.
